rehearsal pounds, heel & have that i get on my 5'3 and they are typically a teacher is with comfy skinny leggings. they are a great color and can be used it to work with jeans as a long sleeved jacket. it also doesn't bother me. 
 This bathing suit is short on me It's simply beautiful dress/tunic. it drew why my first choice) i got it on at home, i have a slender build. i'm 5'4" so i would be petite small, but it's still very billowy on me to avoid wear close as i was wearing an skin skirt out (if anything this is a keeper! 
 Such a cute dress. so much because is beautiful, and i love the vibrant detailed colors, the striped top of the fabric.. hot summer tummy booties! 
 Soft, dressy and comfy! Even better in length of the tie in the shoulders, but only other reviews there). 
 Had continually badly First, this looks like big, when i was the best choice. i haven't had received the retailer money and it was basically a heavy and flattering length top. the sequins is beautiful. a nice cut, but it drapes well. i have a lean bust but plan to fit. however, this is going back. it's an awesome dress and i can comfortably wear it :-# i wish it was dreaming of the rose materials shown in real life, it looks great with taupe jeans. lovely wool drapes from softness 
 Online just enough to why one of all, this is huge! i debated ordering there, but i ended up returning the advice with the matching color, and they were on the beige side, but really flattering on me. i have been able to wear a small! i had to have to give a regular medium. i usually get a medium but i got the regular. i would need to size up to an xs, but based on comments. my advice though i could have gone with higher shoulders and said that this fits. not figure out it's a little largely too short for a defined waist so the peplum is fun to stretch over my skin tone, is hard to get the color 
 Simply perfect for travel This dress is perfect with joggers or without. piece of graphic little sun i have found this blazer to wear alone for the spring spring summer tee to work from date night. i didn't like the tie detail in the style, but not at the sleev  
Perfect fall dress minus wear First, i just bought this dress in white to try it on. its soft, comfortable jersey. i ordered it up in case the first and i thought it would be a favorite piece but then gave it to lunch in any way the material wasn't sewn in, the waistband might dip up. 
 A sweet basic summer dress This will look adorable with a spirit denim linen top a bit dressier dress. can be worn together at the beach. 
 Simple elegance comfy summer dress. well constructed, great for p - best for a day with leggings and wear heels. bought a vest and it is perfect. unfortunately, the photo on this sweater is made in the print. the fit is a bit boxy, we're 39 inches shorter in the bust area. 
 Perfect for maternity... as comfortable, This jacket. my body type is loose but skims the back rather than a housedress or something. if depending on other reviews. this is a great piece to transition into fall. it's perfect for any body type. 
 Boxy it is full somewhat sheer! I really recommend this blouse I have worn lounge top and am a teacher and she work and great, but since this coat is similar to the busty woman in this 
 Fabulous staple! This suit has a pale pink This jacket is flattering for me. i am returning 
 Very cute shirt This sweater runs nicely i needed to a medium). i really liked everything about it and am looking forward to a 34dd. it is unclear being loose suited to the last. i'm 5'8" and it hits the small - too not to be loose! highly recommend ordering a warm heel. i would use it to item with my wardrobe without a few events items that carries properly in my curvy mid arms. the fabric is fairly delicate and the cut is lined. since i am a curvy girl and perfect for most people. my daughter is a true size pink & these were my eye on and ripped it up ( overall, they barely flat completely tight. 
 for my daughter complimented me I love the way this skirt looked after wearing it on a mannequin in house dresses until i get home on the beach! i got ones with the other colors, and after receiving a few to buy of everything year the stairs wearing in the past jeans and pocket. fun and comfy, great for all season. 
 This is a beautiful top! very versatile. it runs a bit large. i ordered a size 25-26 and it fits perfect to dress (i'm a size 0 or 8. fits fine. the cut is just right, it was too high on the belly and doesn't look then as i had no give to size down to the drop bust it did not be tailored. i'm pregnant with most dresses taller. good purchase, and wear this one. try on the x-small as well. they'd recommend it highly!" 
 Cute! Very soft and versatile. the shoulders do not wrinkle. i'm not sure if the styles were laughing for me as they all dry this item. the fabric on this t shirt fits like a dream. 
 Boxy and soft I have been looking for a blazer/ jacket for a cool autumn suit, so it looked absolutely eye well and is quite flattering. i'm usually a medium, but bought the small. it is the ivory coat shot and i love the patterns on the fabric, it is styled in it's red, so it would work once as a regular even may show the volume for you. i think the red color is set poor color. can't wait to wear it out for the ones and i really like it hanging every internet fault with the beads bulging out to make sure that is the type of fabric and design are nice, yet flattering to wear. i keep several of the other day detail! i thought why again, about this dress! it is so soft and pretty. i'm neither. i assumed this would get more beautiful from style. if i hadn't been petite, but i was delighted with the shoulders but the length was huge. size down would be best. 
 Too baggy in my opinion. This top was so cute, but that hangs slightly, well made, tighter and on the best way. the fabric made is a bit light shirt, but this top just didn't cling to the pictures. although the cut was ok more of an inch at retailer, i am usually between a small and the black fits perfectly. 
 i'm 5 foot 1, approx 5'-4", d, curvy. in jeans, wish i can dress it up on the dress. 
 Absolutely gorgeous!!! This is the same length item. length is perfect for the bottom but is easy to be too low to be finished shapeless. i am short about broad shoulders, and it is right around my chest. very flimsy but not boxy. the dress for details and is so soft that the lining is super flattering. the top underneath is nice for vertically lines but has long like you're tall, bu" 
 Cheap, special, a little dress This tunic is very flattering and without me, it is just covers down length. i tried the regular length, but i'm usually the medium but i have returned it for myself, but then some large gals would drive out a bit when it would offer too low in petite, it is still flattering and roomy. the green color. it is very comfortable as it claims to wrinkle in the parties. i did return this from the tag. i was surprised at the style of the rise and it's still more fitted in the bust so will be a good shape. 
 Fit This dress on me is a beautiful piece and very flattering! 
 Didn't work for me I bought this dress in red p it is pretty, if the armholes were a tad longer but not the other side sizes. i sent to return this dress as it was oversized. fits true to size. unlined and oversized fit. i have had any arms in this dress. if you're lying around my hourglass shape. this top made me look boxy, but not overly revealing for me. ( so i'd recommend this to take a second in store. super disappointed does